0.0.5
    It's been a long time since I updated the program.  I'm doing a small
    update.  The biggest difference is the removal of the images and the use
    of my own custom font.  This will give a standard look across platforms
    and allow for faster loading times.  I also changed the name from
    "Romaji" to "Romanji".  I'm not sure which one is correct, but I'm going
    with romanji, since I see that used more often.
    ADDED:
        - Now show progress bar to indicate how many characters are left.
    FIXED:
        - Use my own font, so I don't have to search the system for a compatible
        font, this is a plus since the app will load faster and the file size is
        smaller.
        - Changed the Color.XXX references to Color.xxx.  This caused problems
        with systems running < Java 1.4.x.  I wish there was a way to say which
        java to use in the MANIFEST.MF file, but I found nothing.
    KNOWN ISSUES:
        - same as 0.0.2, still no stat tracking.  I'm so lazy.
0.0.4
	Trying to make the app work with versions less than 1.4.  Not able
	to test very well, but it's coming along.  Added a catch all exception
	around the main app, I put up a dialog and print out the stack trace.
	This should help with finding problems.
	FIXED:
		- Put check in PrefManager to look for 1.4 specific stuff.
		also did this in other areas, but I don't think I've got
		everything yet.
		- Error message posted if application fails in some way.
		Log is printed out in home directory, message asks user to
		email the log.
	KNOWN ISSUES:
		- Still the same as 0.0.2
0.0.3
	Changed the name of the application to JKana Test, in order to reduce
	confusion with the original program, Kana Test.  You can find the original
	GTK+ application here: http://clay.ll.pl/kanatest.html
	FIXED:
		- Build script now deletes image directory from classes.
		- Kana Test strings changed to JKana Test.
	KNOWN ISSUES:
		- Still the same as 0.0.2
0.0.2
	"Official" release.  Should be stable enough to use.  Has base fuctionality
	and works as intended.
	FIXED:
		- RandomLib is initialized with mod'd seed values, so the order of
		  characters changes each time.
		- Took out nulling font, I was testing bitmap font support if
		  the application fails to find any Japanese font's on the system.
	KNOWN ISSUES:
		- Stat tracking is not enabled, it will print out times on the
		  console, but nothing for the user.
		- The repeat wrong answer's currently not enabled...it does nothing
		- Repeat wrong answer's checkbox should be disabled during the test.

0.0.1
	Pre release, still had debug code in there for bitmap font support.
	Quickly updated to next version.
